So you're just about to reach the end of
the first week of material on the first course in this specialization.
Let me give you a quick sense of what you'll learn in the next few weeks as well.
As I said in the first video,
this specialization comprises five courses.
And right now, we're in the first of
these five courses which teach you the most important foundations,
really the most important building blocks of deep learning.
So by the end of this first course,
you know how to build and get to work a deep neural network.
So here the details of what is in this first course.
This course is four weeks of material.
And you're just coming up to the end of
the first week when you saw an introduction to deep learning.
At the end of each week,
there are also be 10 multiple-choice questions that
you can use to double check your understanding of the material.
So when you're done watching this video,
I hope you're going to take a look at those questions.
In the second week, you then learn about the Basics of Neural Network Programming.
You'll learn the structure of what we
call the forward propagation and the back propagation
steps of the algorithm and how to implement neural networks efficiently.
Starting from the second week,
you also get to do a programming exercise
that lets you practice the material you've just learned,
implement the algorithms yourself and see it work for yourself.
I find it really satisfying when I learn about algorithm and they
get it coded up and I see it worked for myself.
So I hope you enjoy that too.
Having learned the framework for neural network programming in the third week,
you code up a single hidden layer neural network. All right.
So you learn about all the key concepts needed
to implement and get to work in neural network.
And then finally in week four,
you build a deep neural network and neural network with
many layers and see it worked for yourself.
So, congratulations on finishing the videos after this one.
I hope that you now have a good high-level sense of what's happening in deep learning.
And perhaps some of you are also assigned to,
has some ideas of where you might want to apply deep learning yourself.
So, I hope that after this video,
you go on to take a look at the 10 multiple choice questions that follow this video
on the course website and just use
the 10 multiple choice questions to check your understanding.
And don't review, you don't get all the answers right the first time,
you can try again and again until you get them all right.
I found them useful to make sure that I'm understanding all the concepts,
I hope you're that way too.
So with that, congrats again for getting up to
here and I look forward to seeing you in the week two videos.